OPTIONS/cmu_bugfix	optional cmu_bugfix
OPTIONS/cs_aid		optional cs_aid
OPTIONS/cs_boot		optional cs_boot
OPTIONS/cs_bugfix	optional cs_bugfix
OPTIONS/cs_compat	optional cs_compat
OPTIONS/cs_cons		optional cs_cons
OPTIONS/cs_disk		optional cs_disk
OPTIONS/cs_gfb		optional cs_gfb
OPTIONS/cs_rpause	optional cs_rpause
OPTIONS/cs_generic	optional cs_generic
OPTIONS/cs_kdb		optional cs_kdb
OPTIONS/cs_ichk		optional cs_ichk
OPTIONS/cs_inet		optional cs_inet
OPTIONS/cs_ipc		optional cs_ipc
OPTIONS/cs_lint		optional cs_lint
OPTIONS/cs_msys		optional cs_msys
OPTIONS/cs_nofile	optional cs_nofile
OPTIONS/cs_olddir	optional cs_olddir
OPTIONS/cs_oldfs	optional cs_oldfs
OPTIONS/cs_quote	optional cs_quote
OPTIONS/cs_qvss		optional cs_qvss
OPTIONS/cs_rfs		optional cs_rfs
OPTIONS/cs_security	optional cs_security
OPTIONS/cs_socket	optional cs_socket
OPTIONS/cs_syscall	optional cs_syscall
OPTIONS/cs_tcp		optional cs_tcp
OPTIONS/cs_tty		optional cs_tty
OPTIONS/cs_ttyloc	optional cs_ttyloc
OPTIONS/cs_xlds		optional cs_xlds
OPTIONS/cs_xmod		optional cs_xmod
OPTIONS/cs_xonly	optional cs_xonly
OPTIONS/cs_vaxm		optional cs_vaxm
OPTIONS/cpus		optional cpus
OPTIONS/net_bugfix	optional net_bugfix
OPTIONS/mach_acc	optional mach_acc
OPTIONS/mach_load	optional mach_load
OPTIONS/mach_hp		optional mach_hp
OPTIONS/mach_mach	optional mach_mach
OPTIONS/mach_mp		optional mach_mp
OPTIONS/mach_only	optional mach_only
OPTIONS/mach_pager	optional mach_pager
OPTIONS/mach_sem	optional mach_sem
OPTIONS/mach_shm	optional mach_shm
OPTIONS/mach_syscall	optional mach_syscall
OPTIONS/mach_time	optional mach_time
OPTIONS/mach_tt		optional mach_tt
OPTIONS/mach_vm		optional mach_vm
accent/accent.c		optional mach_acc
accent/accentint.c	optional mach_acc
accent/accint.c		optional mach_acc
accent/vmdata.c		optional mach_acc
accent/vmipc.c		optional mach_acc
kern/iprintf.c		optional mach_vm
kern/mach_factor.c	optional mach_vm
kern/mach_if.c		optional mach_mach
kern/mach_server.c	optional mach_mach
kern/mpq_alloc.c	optional mach_vm
kern/ports.c		optional mach_mach
kern/sched_prim.c	optional mach_mp
kern/task.c		optional mach_vm
kern/thread.c		optional mach_vm
kern/zalloc.c		optional mach_vm
mp/imc_subr.c		optional mach_mp
mp/mp_shmem.c		optional mach_shm
mp/mp_galloc.c		optional mach_shm
mp/mp_queuedb.c		optional mach_shm
mp/queuescan.c		optional mach_mp
mp/remote_prim.c	optional mach_mp
mp/remote_subr.c	optional mach_mp
mp/remote_sw.c		optional mach_mp
mp/sem_sem.c		optional mach_sem
mp/sem_user.c		optional mach_sem
mp/sem_proc.c		optional mach_sem
mp/slave.c		optional mach_mp
mp/syscall_sw.c		optional mach_mp
mp/syscall_subr.c	optional mach_mp
net/af.c		standard
net/if.c		standard
net/if_loop.c		optional loop
net/raw_cb.c		standard
net/raw_usrreq.c	standard
net/route.c		standard
netimp/if_imp.c		optional imp
netimp/if_imphost.c	optional imp
netimp/raw_imp.c	optional imp
netinet/if_ether.c	optional ether
netinet/bbn.c		optional cs_compat
netinet/in.c		optional inet
netinet/in_pcb.c	optional inet
netinet/in_proto.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_icmp.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_input.c	optional inet
netinet/ip_output.c	optional inet
netinet/raw_ip.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_debug.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_input.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_output.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_subr.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_timer.c	optional inet
netinet/tcp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netinet/udp_usrreq.c	optional inet
netns/idp_usrreq.c	optional ns
netns/ns.c		optional ns
netns/ns_error.c	optional ns
netns/ns_ip.c		optional ns
netns/ns_input.c	optional ns
netns/ns_output.c	optional ns
netns/ns_pcb.c		optional ns
netns/ns_proto.c	optional ns
netns/spp_debug.c	optional ns
netns/spp_usrreq.c	optional ns
sensor/init_sens.c	optional wb_sens
sensor/sens_syscalls.c	optional wb_sens
sync/lock.c		optional mach_mp
sync/sync_prim.c	optional mach_mp
sys/cmu_syscalls.c	optional cs_syscall
sys/init_main.c		standard
sys/init_sysent.c	standard
sys/ipc_1.c		optional cs_ipc
sys/ipc_2.c		optional cs_ipc
sys/ipc_3.c		optional cs_ipc
sys/kern_acct.c		standard
sys/kern_clock.c	standard
sys/kern_descrip.c	standard
sys/kern_exec.c		standard
sys/kern_exit.c		standard
sys/kern_fork.c		standard
sys/kern_mman.c		standard
sys/kern_proc.c		standard
sys/kern_prot.c		standard
sys/kern_resource.c	standard
sys/kern_sig.c		standard
sys/kern_subr.c		standard
sys/kern_synch.c	standard
sys/kern_time.c		standard
sys/kern_xxx.c		standard
sys/mpx_dev.c		optional cs_compat
sys/mpx_sys.c		optional cs_compat
sys/quota_kern.c	standard
sys/quota_subr.c	standard
sys/quota_sys.c		standard
sys/quota_ufs.c		standard
sys/subr_log.c		standard
sys/rfs_descrip.c	optional cs_rfs
sys/rfs_init.c		optional cs_rfs
sys/rfs_kern.c		optional cs_rfs
sys/rfs_socket.c	optional cs_rfs
sys/rfs_subr.c		optional cs_rfs
sys/rfs_syscalls.c	optional cs_rfs
sys/subr_mcount.c	optional profiling-routine
sys/subr_prf.c		standard
sys/subr_rmap.c		standard
sys/subr_xxx.c		standard
sys/sys_generic.c	standard
sys/sys_inode.c		standard
sys/sys_ild.c		optional ild
sys/sys_process.c	standard
sys/sys_socket.c	standard
sys/tty.c		standard
sys/tty_bk.c		optional bk
sys/tty_conf.c		standard
sys/tty_cmupty.c	optional cmupty
sys/tty_fe.c		optional fe
sys/tty_pty.c		optional pty
sys/tty_subr.c		standard
sys/tty_tb.c		optional tb
sys/tty_tty.c		standard
sys/ufs_alloc.c		standard
sys/ufs_bio.c		standard
sys/ufs_bmap.c		standard
sys/ufs_dsort.c		standard
sys/ufs_fio.c		standard
sys/ufs_inode.c		standard
sys/ufs_mount.c		standard
sys/ufs_namei.c		standard
sys/ufs_subr.c		standard
sys/ufs_syscalls.c	standard
sys/ufs_tables.c	standard
sys/ufs_xxx.c		standard
sys/uipc_domain.c	standard
sys/uipc_mbuf.c		standard
sys/uipc_proto.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket.c	standard
sys/uipc_socket2.c	standard
sys/uipc_syscalls.c	standard
sys/uipc_usrreq.c	standard
sys/vm_drum.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_mem.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_mon.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_page.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_proc.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_pt.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_sched.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_subr.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_sw.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_swap.c		optional not mach_vm
sys/vm_swp.c		standard
sys/vm_text.c		optional not mach_vm
bbnnet/icmp.c		optional bbnnet
bbnnet/ic_output.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/in.c		optional bbnnet
bbnnet/in_pcb.c		optional bbnnet
bbnnet/in_proto.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/ip_input.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/ip_output.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/ip_usrreq.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/raw_input.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/tcp_input.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/tcp_prim.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/tcp_procs.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/tcp_states.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/tcp_usrreq.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/udp_usrreq.c	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/udp.c		optional bbnnet
bbnnet/hmp.c		optional bbnnet hmp
bbnnet/hmp_subr.c	optional bbnnet hmp
bbnnet/hmp_traps.c	optional bbnnet hmp
bbnnet/rdp_fsm.c	optional bbnnet rdp
bbnnet/rdp_cksum.s	optional bbnnet
bbnnet/rdp_input.c	optional bbnnet rdp
bbnnet/rdp_prim.c	optional bbnnet rdp
bbnnet/rdp_states.c	optional bbnnet rdp
bbnnet/rdp_subr.c	optional bbnnet rdp
bbnnet/rdp_usrreq.c	optional bbnnet rdp
vm/inode_pager.c	optional mach_vm
vm/vm_fault.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_init.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_kern.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_map.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_object.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_pageout.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_pager.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_resident.c	optional mach_vm
vm/vm_unix.c		optional mach_vm
vm/vm_user.c		optional mach_vm
